All right, so picking up where we left off.
Let's see.
I noticed that we still had this message here hardcoded in the scenario where we have had four wrong
guesses.
We're saying you didn't get it and you've had four tries.
So maybe we don't want to hard code this.
So let's go back over to the test and let's write a test for this scenario where I guess the test scenarios
specifically would be well, oh well, I guess first, let's just revise the test that forced us to
implement this functionality and revise what we're displaying here.
So let's go find that test.
Looks like it's right here.
You didn't get it and you've had four tries.
So first of all, let's just make this the number four.
And OK, so I think that's all we need to change first and then let's just run all the tests and see
that fail.
OK, so there's our failing test, and now let's go fix it.
So we'll jump over here.
And so what I think we can do is just move these two lines right up above the f block here.
First off, like so and I just did that with an option shift up arrow.
Or let's see on Windows Alt shift up arrow to move those lines up.
Let's see.
I kind of naturally think I want to have a little space there.
That's an optional thing.
It's just I don't know what I want.
And now that these two variables have been moved up above the if we can use them in the if so, you
can't use a variable.
If I left these two lines below the if statement, then I could not use them in the if statement itself,
because they would not.
These two variables would not have been declared yet, but now they've been declared and now I can use
them below these two lines.
So what I'm thinking here is to replace that four and the word tries with, you know, with these two
formatted guys here.
And I think the way we can do that is just use the string format method again.
So string that format like so and then we will replace that for with a percent D and we will replace
the tries with the percent s.
So it's going to be exactly the same thing that we're doing here, really.
All right.
So then a comma counter comma, try text like, so all right.
So let's rerun all the tests and see if that fixes that.
Yep, looks like we got that now.
All right.
What else can we do here?
I think I got one.
What would happen if we had five wrong guesses or 10 wrong guesses?
Do you see where I'm going with this?
Let's let's jump back over here, and let's see.
So this is test for wrong guesses.
So let's copy this, matt, this test method and see what happens if we have, I don't know, 10 wrong
guesses.
Oops, I guess I could write that out.
Test 10 wrong guesses.
So here we've got four.
Five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10 think that's 10, one two three four five six seven eight nine
and then 10.
Yeah, so that's 10 wrong guesses.
Now what do we expect to have happen here?
You didn't get it and you've had four tries.
So the question is what should happen when you go over your four tries, right?
Because there's nothing stopping us from calling the guess method again, should we simply say you didn't
get it and you've had four tries?
Game over?
Should we keep saying that?
Or should we state the number of tries that you had?
I'm OK.
I think with simply stating the number of tries, perhaps, and then just letting them know that the
game is really as well and truly over.
So let's see what happens here.
You didn't get it and you've had, well, actually, you know, maybe we should limit them and just
say something like, sorry, you are limited to only four tries.
Your game is over.
Maybe we can do that.
All right.
So let's run all the tests and see what we actually are getting currently.
OK, so that failed.
Let's see.
So it failed with a message.
Sorry, your you didn't get it.
Yeah, so notice here when you go over four guesses, you don't get this special output.
You didn't get it and you've had four tries.
Instead, it reverts back to just the more generic you didn't get it.
And the reason for that, if we jump over here, the reason for that is because currently our special
message that you get if you get up to four guesses wrong is that it's it's just looking exactly for
the number four, right?
So it's a little too specific.
And that's how it should have been, though, because we didn't have a test that was asking us to do
anything more than that until now.
So if we're going to implement our logic such that on your fourth wrong, guess you are going to get
this message.
But if you try to call the guess method beyond four, you're going to get this message, then we need
some additional logic here.
Right?
So we want to be able to say this message if you have exceeded four.
So I'm thinking we can use another conditional here or maybe even let's see if we do a few else.
If counter is greater than four, then return.
And then maybe we can just return this string exactly hardcoded.
I don't think we need to access the counter because we're kind of hard coding to let them know, Hey,
you only get four tries, period.
All right.
So let's not think a whole lot.
Let's just run the tests and see if this satisfies this new scenario.
Hey, that that yeah, that satisfies it.
Right now, I do kind of really want to get rid of all these excess of return statements.
I don't know that I'm ever going to be able to think of a unit test that would force me to do this because
this is kind of like internal housekeeping.
But I, as I've mentioned in one of the previous lessons, I'm not a fan of having so many return statements.
Ideally, I usually want to have just one return statement, in fact, for the entire method.
So how could we get rid of all these return statements?
One possibility that I am considering is that since all, we're ultimately returning our strings anyway,
we could just have one master string that gets set to either this bit, this bit or this bit exclusively.
And then whichever one of these three bits sets, that string ends up setting that string no matter
what.
We just return whatever that one master string is.
So let's see what that might look like.
So let's say that we declare a string.
I don't know.
Let's just call it response, and we don't really want to initialize it here.
So I suppose we could just set it to null at this point.
And then instead of returning these strings, we instead just set the response to any of these values
like this.
So instead of a return, we say response equals.
That.
Response groups equals that, and then we return response.
Now we need to do one more thing.
I think I think now that we're not using that return statement, the return statement that we had here
and here on line 15 and 17, we're short circuiting the return that we had on on what is now line 19.
But now that we've removed those two return statements, currently, Line 19 is going to execute every
time and we don't want that.
We want either line 15, Line 17 or Line 19 to execute exclusively.
So how can we make sure that only one of this line, this line or that line executes right?
We don't want this line to execute.
If one of these two also is executing, we want them all to be mutually exclusive.
How can we do that?
Well, it's actually should be pretty easy.
I think all we need to do is just use an else block here and then we'll indent that and then close this
off.
So now each of these clauses is mutually exclusive, including this last one.
OK.
So you could not have any two of these execute.
Only one of these can actually be executed.
So either the counter equals four and you get this or counter is greater than four and you get this
or all other circumstances.
You get this output here.
And then regardless of what happened at the end, one of these response strings should have been set.
And whatever it is, we'll just return that.
OK, does that make sense?
All right.
So let's rerun everything and see if we broke anything with that refactoring.
Hey, awesome, awesome.
So we didn't break anything.
So this highlights another great point of unit testing, which is that with a good set of unit tests
in place, you can have the confidence to go back into your code and refactor things.
And by refactor, I just mean, you know, change things up to try to improve things in various ways,
right?
And as long as before you started the refactoring, you knew that all your tests were passing.
Then when you do a small refactoring and you rerun your tests, you can have the confidence to to pretty
well know if you've broken anything as a result of the refactoring.
So conversely, it is usually strongly advised not to refactor code before you have a strong suite of
tests that validate all of the functionality is working as it should before you do the refactoring.
All right, so let's see here.
I think we're going to go ahead and end this lesson and and I think we can do a couple more changes
coming up.
So I'll see you in the next one.